Q. How does van der waals force work?
E. Van der Waals force is the weakest of the intermolecular forces. This is why it is easier to break a balloon than to stretch it. In molecular physics, the Van der Waals force, named after Dutch physicist Johannes Diderik van der Waals, is a distance-dependent interaction between atoms or molecules. Unlike ionic or covalent bonds, these attractions do not result from a chemical electronic bond; they are comparatively weak and therefore more susceptible to disturbance. The Van der Waals force quickly vanishes at longer distances between interacting molecules.
Q. Does it mean that this force is not important for the 3D structure of proteins?
E. No. It is important for the structure of proteins. In fact, the Van der Waals force is the dominant force for the structure of proteins and nucleic acids.
Q. What is the London dispersion force?
E. London dispersion forces (LDF, also known as dispersion forces, London forces, instantaneous dipole–induced dipole forces, Fluctuating Induced Dipole Bonds[1] or loosely as van der Waals forces) are a type of force acting between atoms and molecules that are normally electrically symmetric; that is, the electrons are symmetrically distributed with respect to the nucleus.[2] They are part of the van der Waals forces. The LDF is named after the German physicist Fritz London.
Q. Can you explain the London dispersion force?
E. Conventional bonds are the result of a balance between the attractive forces of the positively charged nucleus and the negative charges of the electrons. They are therefore most apparent at short distances where the charge distribution is not equal or symmetric. London dispersion forces, on the other hand, are a result of electron "flickering". While the electrons of a covalent bond are tightly bound to a molecule, the electrons of neighboring molecules are, in principle, free to move about. The electrons of a molecule are therefore "constantly on the move" with respect to the nucleus. The electrons of all the neighboring molecules, and the nucleus, are in turn affected by the electron movements of the molecule. This continual electron motion leads to a force of attraction between all molecules. If the electrons are bound tightly, the London dispersion force is much smaller than the conventional bond.
